docs: update readme and contributing for biome (#1647)
Endava/BEEQ: CONTRIBUTING.md

### <a name="code-formatting"></a> Code formatting

> **Follow the style you see used in the repository!** Consistency with the rest of the project always trumps other considerations. BEEQ uses [Biome](https://biomejs.dev/) for linting and code formatting, so please make sure it is configured in your IDE/editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Try to follow the existing style in the repository as closely as possible.** Keeping things consistent with the rest of the project is more important than following generic preferences.

BEEQ uses [Biome](https://biomejs.dev/) for linting and formatting, so it’s worth setting that up in your IDE or code editor before you start.
```
